I have to admit something, we did a mistake when creating the website so far.
Now
no worries, we didn't do a mistake,
we did it on purpose
but actually the approach, how we created this website is not the state of the art approach we use nowadays
because normally, you'll start creating your website mobile first.
This means you start creating the page in a way that it looks nice on mobile devices.
The reason for that is simply that many users are using mobile devices now to access websites
and with that, you want to make sure that you have a nice looking website for mobile devices.
As soon as you got the mobile version, you'll also have a look at the desktop version and also ensure
that you implement a responsive design which also translates nicely into these desktop websites.
Now this brings us to the question, why didn't we follow this mobile first approach then?
Well because we just learned how to work
with CSS and learning CSS is easier if we use a normal desktop website because we have more space available
and we can try out things in a more convenient way
but now that the basics are set,
it's of course time to change this way we think and only work mobile first from now.
This means that in the next lectures, we'll always have a look at the mobile version,
make sure it looks nice and then check the desktop version,
so that's the approach we will follow from now on throughout the entire course.
With that in mind, we can now continue and finally learn how to use media queries because you would probably
agree that this page right here doesn't look really good at the moment. So let's improve that.